{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Charter-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red39\green39\blue39;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20392\c20392\c20392;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl414\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34\fsmilli17250 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 INGREDIENTS\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 FOR THE LEMON AIOLI\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl456\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28\fsmilli14250 \cf2 \cb3 1 c.\'a0mayonnaise\cb1 \
\cb3 Juice and zest of 1 lemon\cb1 \
\cb3 1\'a0clove garlic, minced\cb1 \
\cb3 Fine sea salt\cb1 \
\cb3 Freshly ground black pepper\cb1 \
\cb3 Habanero or hot pepper of your choice, thinly sliced (optional)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 FOR THE CAKES\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl456\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28\fsmilli14250 \cf2 \cb3 12\'a0steamed lobster claws (about 2 cups chopped)\cb1 \
\cb3 1/2 lb.\'a0extra-large shrimp in the shell (about 1 1/4 cups chopped)\cb1 \
\cb3 1/2 c.\'a0water\cb1 \
\cb3 2\'a0large\'a0eggs, lightly whisked\cb1 \
\cb3 1 c.\'a0gluten free panko bread crumbs\cb1 \
\cb3 1 tsp.\'a0seasoned salt\cb1 \
\cb3 1 tsp.\'a0ground black pepper\cb1 \
\cb3 1/3 c.\'a0grapeseed or other neutral oil\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs38 \cf2 \cb3 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl414\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34\fsmilli17250 \cf2 DIRECTIONS\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl456\sa180\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs28\fsmilli14250 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Make Lemon Aioli:\'a0In a small bowl, whisk together mayonnaise, lemon zest and juice, and garlic. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Add habanero pepper if desired.\'a0\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Remove meat from lobster claws and finely dice, then set aside. Fill a large bowl with water and several ice cubes and set aside.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 To a large skillet, add 1/2 cup water and bring to a boil.\'a0\'a0Reduce heat\'a0to simmer, then\'a0add shrimp. Cover and steam until pink, 3 to 4 minutes, then transfer shrimp to ice bath to stop cooking.\'a0Drain thoroughly, then peel and devein shrimp.\'a0Dice\'a0 shrimp into small pieces.\'a0\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In a large bowl, combine diced lobster and shrimp.\'a0\'a0Add eggs, panko, seasoned salt, black pepper, and 1/4 cup lemon aioli. Mix together until firm enough to form patties. \'a0Shape mixture into 8 small patties, about 2\'94 - 3\'94 in diameter and slightly mounded in the center.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In a large skillet over medium-high heat, heat oil. Add patties and cook until lightly golden and crisp, about 3 minutes per side. Serve immediately with remaining lemon aioli.\cb1 \
}